Add support for classically controlled PRX gates. (#123)
iqm-finland/qiskit-on-iqm: docs/user_guide.rst

:meth:`~.IQMBackendBase.qubit_name_to_index` and :meth:`~.IQMBackendBase.index_to_qubit_name` can become handy.

Classically controlled gates
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Some IQM backends support classically controlled gates, but this support currently has several limitations:

* Only the ``x``, ``y``, ``rx``, ``ry`` and ``r`` gates can be classically controlled.
* The gates can only conditioned on one classical bit, and the only control available is to
  apply the gate if the bit is 1, and apply an indentity gate if the bit is 0.

> * The availability of the controlled gates depends on the instrumentation of the backend.

Author: The information will be in the DQA.

The classical control can be applied on a circuit instruction using :meth:`~qiskit.circuit.Instruction.c_if`:

.. code-block:: python

    from qiskit import QuantumCircuit

    qr = QuantumRegister(2, 'q')
    cr = ClassicalRegister(1, 'c')
    circuit = QuantumCircuit(qr, cr)

    circuit.h(0)
    circuit.measure(0, cr[0])

>     circuit.x(1).c_if(cr, 1)

Author: c_if always uses the full register, and interprets it as an integer AFAIK. This is why we need to use 1-bit classical registers with the classical control.

>     circuit.x(1).c_if(cr, 1)

Author: See the note below.

:meth:`~.IQMBackendBase.qubit_name_to_index` and :meth:`~.IQMBackendBase.index_to_qubit_name` can become handy.

Classically controlled gates
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Some IQM backends support classically controlled gates, but this support currently has several limitations:

Author: ```suggestion
Some IQM quantum computers support classically controlled gates, that is, gates that are executed conditionally depending on the result of a measurement preceding them in the quantum circuit. This support currently has several limitations:
```

* Only the ``x``, ``y``, ``rx``, ``ry`` and ``r`` gates can be classically controlled.
* The gates can only be conditioned on one classical bit, and the only control available is to
  apply the gate if the bit is 1, and apply an indentity gate if the bit is 0.

> * The availability of the controlled gates depends on the instrumentation of the backend.

Author: ```suggestion
* The availability of the controlled gates depends on the instrumentation of the quantum computer.
```

The classical control can be applied on a circuit instruction using :meth:`~qiskit.circuit.Instruction.c_if`:

.. code-block:: python

    from qiskit import QuantumCircuit

    qr = QuantumRegister(2, 'q')
    cr = ClassicalRegister(1, 'c')
    circuit = QuantumCircuit(qr, cr)

    circuit.h(0)
    circuit.measure(0, cr[0])
    circuit.x(1).c_if(cr, 1)
    circuit.measure_all()

    print(circuit.draw(output='text'))

::

            ┌───┐┌─┐        ░ ┌─┐
       q_0: ┤ H ├┤M├────────░─┤M├───
            └───┘└╥┘ ┌───┐  ░ └╥┘┌─┐
       q_1: ──────╫──┤ X ├──░──╫─┤M├
                  ║  └─╥─┘  ░  ║ └╥┘
                  ║ ┌──╨──┐    ║  ║
       c: 1/══════╩═╡ 0x1 ╞════╬══╬═
                  0 └─────┘    ║  ║
    meas: 2/═══════════════════╩══╩═
                               0  1

> Executing the above circuit should result in the counts being approximately 50/50 split

Author: ```suggestion
The first measurement operation stores its result in the 1-bit classical register ``c``. If the result is 1, the ``X`` gate will be applied. If it is zero, an identity gate of corresponding duration is applied instead.

Executing the above circuit should result in the counts being approximately 50/50 split
```
